# Salesforce-Intelligent-Photo-Service


description -
The project is developed by using Salesforce Lightning Platform, Salesforce Communities, Aura Components, Apex, MLOps and Machine Learning Life Cycle, Einstein Analytics and Einstein Vision API. I am sharing some of the major points from the project.Salesforce is a cloud-based company provides SaaS, PaaS services to many industries to accelerates the business relationships with customer. Salesforce easily available with minimum requirements without any installation. Intelligent Photo Service application build and developed in salesforce lightning environment by utilizing Salesforce point and click approach as well as by developing aura components. The Einstein Vision and its prediction builder used to make the application intelligent. The application divided into three views — Business administrator view, customer community view and Photographer Community view.The motive of Intelligent Photo Service allows user to perform and utilize multiple functionalities to expand their business. This application also helpful tool for clients who are searching right fit for their event photography.
Additionally, Intelligent Photo Service built using cloud architecture where the total functionality utilizing multi tenant, trusted cloud. The cloud architecture of this application made up of different services like data services, Einstein vision, Einstein Analytics and prediction services, and robust APIs for development. The application sits on top of force.com platform and integrated with all layers of cloud architecture.
The Intelligent Photo Service provides different functionalities to photographers and their clients. This application can give easy access of all clients to specific photographers. The future clients who are wising to join this application are added by business administrator. After few steps, Client will allow to login their own environment — Customer Community. Customer Community provides the platform for clients to explore their search of photographers and grasp highly skilled photographers using few clicks.
Photographers who wanted to join the photographer community, allow to contact business administrator of an application. After successful addition into application, Photographer will allow to login their personal environment — Photographer community. This community offers users to communicate within the environment seamlessly.
Business administrator have permissions to rank the photographers after each event performed. Photographers need to upload event image to the community. The rank will be displayed at the platform level and automatically updated after ranking process is done.
Intelligent photo service aims to utilize the prediction service of salesforce to recognize the event images uploaded by photographers. The machine learning techniques used to train the Event image datasets and match the perform the image recognition functionality. This application also gives not but least the Einstein analytics feature to business administrator to explore and visualize the data and take further steps if necessary.

Documentation Link - https://shradha-mhaske.medium.com/introduction-2d6fd4f769db?sk=5e62fa85488f6b19aff54db98d09381f
Einstein Vision API
Apex
Lightning Component
